Update readme.md (#312)
windows-toolkit/Microsoft.Toolkit.Win32: readme.md

For everything else in the Windows Community Toolkit (UWP controls, .NET Standard web services, helpers and more), [start here](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit)

## XAML Islands Notice

> The set of WPF and WinForms controls found here are only designed to work with .NET Core 3.1, nor NET 5 and above. These controls are using the XAML Islands Windows 10 APIs included within the Windows 10 OS, and those APIS won't be improved anymore. 
> 
> WinUI 3's XAML Islands is the path forward to these .NET apps that want to use .NET 5 and WinUI. WinUI 3's XAML Islands are still in development, and we recommend reviewing the [WinUI 3 roadmap](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/blob/master/docs/roadmap.md) to get the latest updates. This repository will be deprecated once WinUI 3'XAML Islands is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of WPF and WinForms controls found here are _only designed to work with .NET Core 3.1_, **not** .NET 5 and above. These controls are using the XAML Islands Windows 10 APIs included within the Windows 10 OS which won't be improved anymore. 

WinUI 3's XAML Islands is the path forward to these .NET apps that want to use .NET 5 and WinUI. WinUI 3's XAML Islands are still in development, and we recommend reviewing the [WinUI 3 roadmap](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/blob/master/docs/roadmap.md) to get the latest updates. This repository will be archived once WinUI 3's XAML Islands is released.

In the meantime, we suggest you investigate WinUI 3 Desktop as a solution to access Win32 APIs while using the latest native UX platform. See [here](https://aka.ms/winui3) for more details.
```
